Hello, how is Uncle Jiang's situation?
Or keep talking to yourself
Thanks
Take care of him next
Who is Uncle Jiang?
Photographed you like this
Wang Yu Introduction Wang Yu
Wang Yu, I have investigated
He was a high school classmate who would rather die
It is also the Jilin poetry he transmitted
Since you don't know how to cherish
And that bitch wolf is mean to me
Don't worry.
You and that person will both make life worse than death
You came just in time
You see, Uncle Jiang is emotionally unstable again
Please fix it for him before feeding him
Uncle Jiang is hungry and can't drink well
Yes he is he loves me he loves me
He loves me
You see
I can't save the zombies
Please give him some psychoactive medication
Please give him
I will pay for all your tuition and living expenses in the future
You just study hard, you know?
Listen to you
Ayu is really sensible
Education was the brightest student I ever funded.
The kindest
Paralyzed
I had to transfer the assets to his name
Gotta find a way to get close to him
Maybe you can help me take down Wang Yu